MITSS — ONE PAGER
What it is, what it runs on, and how to feed it.
(Paste this whole page into any LLM as context and it can walk you through the tool.)

WHAT MITSS IS
A prompt engineering pipeline for a team with many models and one operator.
Teammates send in their LLMs; the operator writes prompts, runs them across
those models, reads every output, and records a verdict. Nothing is judged
automatically — MITSS's job is that no reading is ever wasted and that
"which prompt version, on which model, produced this output" always has an
exact answer.

THE STACK
Frontend  React (Vite dev server) at http://127.0.0.1:5173 — a dark ops
          console with seven tabs: Prompt, Inputs, Outputs, Matrix, Compare,
          Models, Digest.
Backend   Python FastAPI at http://127.0.0.1:8000 (interactive docs at /docs)
          over a dependency-free core. All data is plain files on disk under
          backend/data/ — readable and greppable without the app.
Start both with ./dev.sh.

THE CYCLE
1. WRITE   Create a prompt on the Prompt tab. Put {input} where material goes.
           Saving an edit never overwrites — it creates version 2, 3, 4…
           Versions are immutable forever.
2. FEED    Add material on the Inputs tab (reusable test cases). The prompt
           template + the input render into the exact text that gets sent.
3. RUN     Either copy the rendered prompt, run it through any model by hand,
           and paste the output back — or click Run on a registered model and
           the backend calls it directly. "Run all" hits every registered
           model at once.
4. JUDGE   Read each output on the Outputs tab and set a verdict: accurate,
           partly right, or inaccurate. The "To review" toggle queues what
           you haven't read yet.
5. COMPARE The Matrix shows versions × models, each cell coloured by the
           worst verdict recorded. Compare shows any two outputs word-by-word.
6. DIGEST  The Digest tab compiles everything — verdict tallies per prompt,
           per version, per model — and exports as a plain .txt page.

HOW A TEAMMATE SENDS THEIR MODEL
Models tab → Register: a name, your name as owner, the endpoint URL, and the
body shape ("openai" fits llama.cpp, vLLM, Ollama, LM Studio). Or over HTTP:
  curl -X POST http://127.0.0.1:8000/api/models -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
    -d '{"name":"team-7b","owner":"you","url":"http://host:8080/v1/chat/completions"}'
Never send an API key — if the endpoint needs one, give the NAME of an
environment variable (key_env) and set it on the operator's machine. Keys are
read at call time and are never stored, returned, or logged. No URL yet?
Register anyway: the model is "paste-only" until the endpoint is up.

WHAT THE BACKEND GUARANTEES
- Prompt versions are write-once; every run freezes the template, the input,
  and the rendered prompt it was actually sent.
- transcript.txt and index.jsonl are append-only history — deleting a run
  does not erase the fact that it happened.
- The digest and matrix compile the operator's verdicts; the machine never
  scores an output itself.

WHAT TO GIVE THE OPERATOR
Your model (registered as above), and for each task: the material to test on
(any .txt), and what a correct output looks like to you — that's what the
verdicts get measured against.
